They will do nicely.
Sit down.
Well?
The drug worked as you
said it would.
They are completely under our control.
You mean my control?
Of course.
These three men
will form the nucleus
of the most deadly group of assassins
the world has ever known.
Three of the deadliest
men in the world,
programmed to kill on my command.
Death machines.
I've worked years for this
and these men must be perfect.
They are.
So you say, before
I put them into action,
I think you should run
them through another set
of experimental tests.
That man and his people
will be a good test.
He's part of an old and
obsolete organization.
It will be done.
And so it shall be.
Yeah George, this is Mr. G.
Listen I got two jobs for you,
same price.
Number one, a Chinese gentleman
by the name of Ho Lung,
runs a karate studio in your city.
Number two, Nathan
Adams, right the bank VP.
I want them both hit by next week.
So put your best men on it
and let me know when it's done, right.
Hey!
No! No!
Yeah?
Fell off a building?
What do you mean fell off a building?
Accident, accident my ass!
Hey, it's business.
What about Adams?
Well get someone else to
take care of him then.
And after that,
see if you can hit Ho Lung
and this time without screwing up.
Hey, get your ass back in bed!
Yeah?
Blown up?
Blown up, what do you mean blown up?
If this continues and the
boys back east get word of it,
I'm outta business or worse...
Hell I should've known
you couldn't handle this.
Who's doing it?
Well how am I supposed
to know God damn it?
What do you mean you don't know?
Look, whoever is hitting my boys
has probably got my line
tapped, you know what I mean?
Yeah, well I'm calling
from a phone booth now.
Well you better find out
who is doing it
and take care of it.
Well how am I supposed
to take care of it?
I don't know what's going on.
Now look Mr. G., I've got
to have some more time
and some help too.
They're trying to take this
town and shove it up my ass.
Hey, hey, what are you doing?
George, George, what's going on?
God damn it can you hear me George?
Hello, hello?
Are you there?
George, hello, hello, hello?
Yeah, yeah?
Mr. Gioretti?
Who is this?
I'm the one who's been
killing your men.
Who is this damn it?
All contract killings in
this city are under my control.
If you want someone killed,
I'm afraid you'll
have to deal with me.
Deal with you, look I don't
have to deal with anyone.
If you want someone
killed in this city,
you must deal with us in person
and we will discuss the fee.
Mr. Gioretti?
Yeah Mike what is it?
Don't you want me to
go in there with you?
What for, I can handle this alone.
Go eat dinner at Tony's,
I'll call you there when I need you.
But you shouldn't go in
there without protection.
I mean why take
chances with those people?
Look, I only hired you
because of your father,
so don't start telling me what to do.
Don't say shit to me, just
drive the car and do what I say.
Do you understand?
Yes sir.
And you better be there when I call
and not out screwing around
like you did last time.
Do you hear?
Yes sir.
Mr. Gioretti, come in.
Please, wait here.
So good of you to come Mr. Gioretti.
Oh don't mention it.
Are you ready to avail
yourself of my services?
Let's just say I don't intend
losing anymore of my men.
Please accept my
expression of sympathy
for the death of your employees.
They were good men,
highly professional.
I think you will
find my organization
also highly professional.
Well before I tell you
who I want hit,
before I spend any of my money,
I'd like to see just how
professional you really are.
I shall gladly give you a
demonstration, after dinner.
Here you are Mike.
I don't care what anybody
says, you don't get spaghetti
this good nowhere back east.
I told the boys to fix it up
extra special for a good friend.
You're the best Tony.
Hey that's right, wait
til you taste the sauce.
It's special too, it's my own recipe.
Lots of people they
ask me for the recipe
but I tell them nothing doing.
Hey Mike, why should I tell them huh?
So they can open up
their own restaurant?
Or maybe they eat at home?
No, you want to taste food like this,
you gotta come see Tony.
Now you need anything
Mike, you just call me.
All right Tony thank
you, it looks great.
Hey, tastes good too, go on try.
There you see what I say.
Okay I'll let you eat now.
Hey Tony, come here.
It's good, no?
No what do you call this, a joke?
It's no joke, you find
it in the spaghetti?
I fire the one who did this
even it's my own brother.
Is the meal
for your liking Mr. Gioretti?
It's all right, but
let's get down to business.
Without the demonstration
you asked for?
Yeah, yeah, later.
If we can come to a
business agreement,
I want these two men hit.
Oh yes, Mr. Lung.
He uses his karate studio as
a front for narcotics traffic.
You're well informed.
The other man, Nathan Adams.
He keeps forgetting he's
supposed to be working for me.
Kill him and he's
replaced by another one
of your men at the bank.
I just want him out.
Now, what about that demonstration?
The wine was not to
your liking Mr. Gioretti?
You took my driver,
I took your waiter.
Just to make things even.
Of course Mr. Gioretti,
we must keep things even.
Now, shall we do business?
All right.
You serve tonight.
See that this man receives
one of our red Buddhas.
I believe you can find him
at his karate school tonight.
Oh and uh please
don't leave any witnesses.
Does this Buddha belong to anyone?
It was left outside of my office.
Perhaps I'll keep it then.
Hey wait a minute, I
know him, what happened?
Got his hand cut off, he's in shock.
- Jesus
- Can he make it?
Not if you don't quit
talking to him.
You all right?
Lieutenant these are
two of the callers.
I'll talk to them later.
Clay.
Thank you Mike.
God I hate coming back here.
It beats being on the streets.
You'll change your
mind in a couple weeks.
Eh, well if it isn't
Lieutenant Forrester.
Glad to see you could join us.
Don't start on me, we've been out
on this case since 3:00 AM
this morning.
All right, tell me
where's this Frank Thomas.
What room are they keeping him in?
Why do you wanna know?
It's our case.
Well you guys have been ticketed
for that human relations lapse.
That's what the captain said.
We'll handle that, you
stay out of our case.
Okay it's your funeral.
He's right, here's a
memo from the captain.
Oh screw that human relations crap.
You were supposed to show
up today for a makeup today
and I'm supposed to go with you.
Forrester, homicide.
Fine, we'll be right out.
Hospital?
Frank is conscious,
we can talk to him.
Hey, what about this?
What do you wanna be, a
detective or a paper pusher?
Let's go.
Don't you think we better check out
that human relations class?
Don't worry about it Jerry.
Lieutenant Forrester,
Frank Thomas' room.
Room 376 down the hall.
Thank you.
I hate hospitals.
You better get used to them,
we spend a lot of time in
hospitals questioning people.
I don't think
I'll ever get used to it.
Hi Lieutenant.
Were there any visitors?
Nobody just the hospital staff.
Keep your eyes open.
Right.
Frank?
I'm awake.
Clay Forrester, my
partner Jerry Farnham.
What are you guys
doing here, questions?
You up to it?
Sure.
Frank have you ever
seen this before?
Mr. Lung, our instructor,
found it somewhere.
I don't know where.
I've only got one question,
could you identify them
if you saw them again?
I'll never forget their faces.
If you don't find them
Forrester, I will.
You leave the police work to me.
Who's talking about police work?
If I find them first, I'll
send them to you in pieces.
You're not going anywhere
for a while.
I'll stop in later
with a sketch artist
to draw up those faces
before you forget them.
Lieutenant,
I won't be forgetting them.
Good, we'll be seeing you.
Take care of yourself Frank.
Fun job I bet.
Nurses are the only
thing keeping me awake.
Well at least you're inside.
Yeah, see ya.
Oh Lieutenant, about
those security rules,
can the patient receive gifts?
Like what?
Well this package was
left for him downstairs.
There was no card on it,
just his name on the box.
Well let's have a look at it.
Thought I was clear when I
told you to leave no witnesses.
I just delivered a
Buddha to the hospital.
The witness is on the 3rd floor.
I suggest you finish the job tonight
before he tells the police too much.
I'm sorry I didn't mean to wake you.
Oh if it isn't Florence
Nightingale again.
You come to see if my
tubes are all in place?
At least the insults are
getting a little tamer.
You should've heard yourself
when you were under sedation.
Say when are they gonna
take this junk off anyway?
That's up to Dr.
Putnam, maybe in a week.
Well, I'll tell you one thing,
I'm not gonna let Putnam
put a God damn hook on me.
Well that may not even be necessary.
They have cosmetic hands now.
Oh, that's a great choice isn't it.
A useless decoration or something
that turns me into a freak show.
Look, I know how tough
it is being in a hospital
and not having a family.
Well, I've been on my
own for a long time now
and everything is just okay.
Everyone needs friends, we all do.
The only thing I need
right now is my right hand.
Say what are you, a
nurse or a psychiatrist?
Just call me Florence.
Mistress Lee, I'm afraid I have
some upsetting news for you.
What is it?
It seems that one of
our men was either killed
or captured at the hospital tonight.
And the witness?
They say he is dead.
How was our man captured?
They really don't
know, there were shots,
they barely escaped.
They thought he was behind
them when they fled.
Fled!
It's an old trick.
Yeah but you're idea worked Clay.
It's the next time
I'm worried about.
Especially with those armored vests.
Armored vests,
man these guys are heavy.
Had to aim at his
head to bring him down.
Joe you come upstairs
and you can stick by Frank's
new room with the other officer
until we move Frank out.
All right.
Jerry check hospital security
to see how they got in.
Right.
I'll see you downstairs in
okay-
What are you doing here?
You know you are forbidden
to enter this room.
Oh excuse me.
It's all right Lieutenant,
come on in.
How's it going Frank?
I guess I should be thanking you.
What for?
For saving my belly from
seven inches of steel.
Okay, look, there's no
reason playing games with you.
I think they're gonna try again,
that's why I'm having you moved.
Moved, where?
To a small private
hospital in Santa Mira.
You'll go in under an assumed name
and we'll issue a
statement to the press
that our only witness
can't be any help to us.
Do you think that
will stop these guys
from trying it again?
Who's ever behind this
is gonna have enough
to worry about once we
question our suspect.
How are you doing otherwise?
Oh fine, it's a great life.
I just move my little finger
and they come running.
Okay, get some sleep, you'll
be moving in a couple hours.
Look I stopped by to
talk to Ned yesterday.
He wants you to come
back to work for the bar
once you get on your feet again.
You interested?
Sure, why not?
A one handed bartender
should be a great draw.
Every bar should have at least one.
Well, if it isn't the dynamic duo,
Lieutenant Forrester and Mr. Farnham.
Doyle I'll give you one
second to get your ass
out of my chair before I toss you
and the chair right out the window.
What's the matter Lieutenant,
crying the paperwork blues again?
Doyle get your ass outta
here we got work to do.
Hey I'm just killing
time until my suspect comes
down for questioning.
You know the guy they
booked for attempted murder
at the hospital?
What are you talking about?
Hey here comes our baby now.
He's our baby.
Oh no, not anymore.
The captain's turned that
questioning over to me.
Seems you two have been delinquent
at the human relations course.
God damn it.
What's your bitch Forrester?
Bringing that jackass on our case.
Rating reports for the entire squad.
Whole squad rates high,
and now we come
to Lieutenant Forrester.
Jesus Christ.
Reports and paperwork,
late and incomplete.
Press relations, smashed
a TV camera deliberately.
No that was...
Volunteer work, none,
favorable communications,
two lousy letters, and
last, but not least,
attendance and performance at
departmental training classes,
you rank last in the entire squad.
What about number of arrests?
Number of convictions, sir?
Listen Forrester, this damn
stuff is just as important
as the street work.
That's what the commissioner
looks at, like it or not.
Sir we realize we
missed our makeup class
but our key witness in the
karate school murders...
Karate school murders,
karate, oh yeah, now I remember,
I read about them in
the newspaper somewhere.
Because I still
don't have your report!
Hell, we were out til 3:00
in the morning...
I don't give a damn
how late you were out.
You should've taken the
time to at least jot down
a lousy paragraph or two,
so when the chief comes
and questions me about
it, I can halfway tell him
something other than what
I read in the newspaper.
Forrester, you get your butt
down to that human relations
makeup session in half an hour.
I put Doyle and Rossi on the case
and you will fill them in, and
you will cooperate with them.
Is that clear Lieutenant?
Yes it's clear.
Now, I want a full report
on your case,
your former case, by
quitting time this afternoon.
Is that clear Lieutenant?
Yes, clear, right.
Oh, and if you don't
like my style Forrester,
you've got two choices,
turn in a transfer request,
or turn in our badge,
I'll take either one.
Otherwise get on with the program.
Well Forrester, we'll let you
know how the case comes out.
I hope you enjoy your class.
Of course I've already taken my class.
Can't you tell by the way
my personality has improved?
You want a briefing on the case?
No I think I have
all I need right now
besides I don't think
your partner here
is feeling any too cooperative today.
All right we got it, go.
What good is this, he'll never talk.
He can listen, he can nod yes or no.
The recorder won't pick up the nods.
Well then Rossi one
of us is going to have
to say "suspect gestures yes"
or suspect gestures no".
Are you all set?
Gonna uncuff him?
DO what?
Well that's
procedure, kinda rough...
Are you crazy, you
saw what those victims
he hauled outta the karate school.
All right, want me
to start the recorder?
Not yet, wait a minute.
I want this off the record.
Now I'm gonna put this
to you straight buddy,
now we've got you nailed
for those murders
at the karate school,
and that attempted
murder at the hospital,
so now if you cooperate with us
things will go a hell
of a lot easier for you.
All right, read him his rights.
They did that already
when they booked him.
I want it on tape Rossi.
All right.
You have the right to remain silent.
Anything you say can and
will be used against you
in a court of law.
You have the right to talk to a lawyer
and have him present while
you are being questioned.
If you cannot afford to hire a lawyer,
one will be appointed to represent you
before any questioning if you wish.
If you decide at any time
to exercise these rights
and not answer any questions
or make any statements.
You understand?
There's something wrong with him.
I think he's sick, I'm
going to uncuff him.
Hey you want a glass of water?
All units stolen
police vehicle 331
suspect driving, dangerous,
may be armed,
caucasian in black under shirt.
Go ahead and eat son.
Ma cooked it for you, no charge.
You look like you've got trouble.
Just remember, no matter what happens,
put your trust in God and he'll
guide you to the right path.
I know it's hard to believe,
especially when things are tough,
but God looks out for all of
us, whether you believe or not.
Now, I've got some pamphlets
here that you can have.
And I want you to read them,
they'll help you to find God.
And if ever need anyone to talk to,
you can always come and see Ma and me.
And if we're not open,
we live in the back.
And you can come look us
up at any time, any time.
Let me have a beer.
Yeah a lot of beers
and a cheeseburger.
What a dump this place is man.
I don't wanna eat here.
Shut up asshole, we're eating here.
Hey, where's my beer, what is this?
Don't mess with my hair
man, don't do that.
See that, huh?
Weapon, that's my weapon.
Oh, oh.
Hey good looking what
are you doing today?
Seems like you could
go for a little putt.
Leave this dipshit your with
and we'll go for a little ride,
how about that?
That wind would mess up her hair.
Oh it's okay, I'll
take care of her hair.
Hey you just sit down and be social.
Come on boys,
leave my customers alone.
You just serve the beer old man.
Oh John leave the
broad alone will ya.
Beer here, hey,
who's the Tarzan guy?
Hey, Tarzan?
Are you running from the law man?
Hey this guy is running from the law.
Hey Tony I smell pig man,
I think that dude is
probably an undercover cop.
Yeah, look at his haircut,
he's gotta be a pig man.
I don't know man, undercover
cops man they got long hair
and that dude's got short hair.
Oh eat it turkey, that guy
is a pig, can't you smell it?
Ugh,bad.
Hey are you a cop?
Are you a cop?
Hey I'm talking to you.
I'm talking to you, I'm
talking to you, Tarzan.
I'm talking to you,
shit this guy is a cop.
This guy is weird.
Hey don't you hear me talking to you?
Don't you hear me talking to you?
Talking to you Tarzan.
Hey Tarzan, he's sitting
there eating his cheeseburger.
Tarzan, look at the
muscles on that guy man.
He's got long hair and everything.
Guy's gotta be running from
the law, look at that outfit.
Hey, hey, you,
I'm talking to you, Tarzan.
Listen, look at this guy.
Look at this, man the
guy's got the muscles.
I got muscles, mine are
all on the inside though.
Hey, this guy's got blood on him.
Hey what's the matter with you man?
Hey what, hey what do we got here?
Hey man you are running from the law.
You know this old world
has it's ups and downs.
Stomp him baby.
The
other side is brotherly love.
So if you haven't sent for
the 3-D book color portrait
of the Holy Trinity,
well now is the time
because it's a picture so
real to life,
you can almost reach out and touch it.
Oh shit.
So
if you send in $5.99 now,
the 3-D full color portrait
of the Holy Trinity
plus the world's smallest
Bible, both for only $5.99.
Send check or money order
to 3-D Box 422,
Libby, California.
You son of a...
Perhaps we can continue
with our work.
Mr. Gioretti has suggested we
try to persuade Nathan Adams
to relinquish his position
without resorting to violence.
You wish me to have a talk with him?
Yes, but before you do I
think we need some leverage.
Leverage?
He has a daughter.
Well I'm fine daddy,
I'm only 40 miles away.
It's not like I'm on the
other side of the world.
Okay.
Okay, hey look, if I
don't finish my homework
I'll flunk out this semester.
Can't you see the headlines,
bank president's daughter fails
first semester of college,
shamed father jumps out window.
No I don't have any
boys in the apartment.
With all the time I'm on the phone
I haven't had a chance to meet any.
Okay, I love you too.
Bye.
Yes Kay?
There's a Mr. Lu
to see you, all right.
Mr. Adams will see you now.
Thank you.
Mr. Lu, please have a seat.
I'm sorry but I must apologize,
my secretary didn't tell me
the nature of your business here.
I believe it was an ancestor of mine
who once said a picture
speaks 1000 words.
The others in the photograph
don't matter
but you do recognize your daughter.
We do not want money,
everything will work out
and no harm will come to anyone.
Harm to no one, putting
my daughter through this?
She was not totally
conscious at the time.
Get out of here, this
cheap shakedown won't work.
You know of course that
your financial colleagues
will receive a set of these pictures?
I can explain it to them.
And will an explanation
be sufficient?
In your daughter's case,
it might be a traumatic experience,
a shame that might haunt her
for the rest of her life.
Even though your daughter may
be as sexually sophisticated
as other students today, I'm
quite sure their sexual habits
do not include this.
Our clients wish you
to resign your position
and recommend this man.
What?
Sever your connections
with this bank.
You may then relocate
to a different city
and resume your career.
That will fulfill your obligation,
you will not be asked
to do anything further.
Gioretti's behind this, isn't he?
That I'm sorry, I cannot say.
Merely, deliver your letter
of resignation by noon today.
I'd be a fool to
walk away from a job
that's taken me my whole
life to work up to.
Just so a stooge can
get into the bank, no.
In that case Mr. Adams,
please, move over
to the filing cabinet.
Move, I was hoping I did not
have to resort to violence.
Goodbye Mr. Adams.
Kay help me!
Get in here I'm chained
to the filing cabinet
and there's a bomb in here!
The door is locked.
Get the key!
Kay!
The door is locked.
Mr. Adams you have
the key in your desk.
Get help!
Kay, get some help please!
Help me! Somebody!
Hello Frank.
How did you know I was here?
Ned at the bar told me.
It's my lunch hour.
He said you used to use
your lunch hours to study.
Well I quit school.
Why, I thought you had dreams
of becoming an architect?
Yeah.
Did you get the cards I sent down
to the Santa Mira hospital?
I tried to come down to
see how you were doing
but my schedule has been
pretty rough lately.
Nights, mostly.
I have a few days off now.
Thanks for coming
over, I'll see you out.
Don't worry, I found
my way in by myself.
Look, I'm sorry.
I'm the one who's sorry
for getting involved.
You don't know how it is for me.
I know how it is Frank.
No one asked you to go and...
Get involved?
Sure, no one did.
Look, I won't be bothering
you anymore.
Goodbye Frank.
Aren't you even going to call me back?
Wasn't thinking about it.
I can see it's going to
take some time
getting used to you.
Why would you even want to try?
I don't know, maybe by
the time I get used to you,
you'll be used to yourself.
Would you like to come over
to the bar for some coffee?
Maybe the waiter isn't too friendly
but the coffee's pretty good.
Is it a nice bar?
I need a beer.
That will be a dollar.
A buck for one beer?
Entertainment goes with it.
Entertainment, you
call that entertainment?
Shit, I've seen better
entertainment in the zoo.
Hey living in a monkey
house, I bet you have.
Sorry to leave you alone, I
had to get those cases moved.
That's all right, I was just
watching the entertainment.
Oh, yeah,
Ned just hired her last week.
He thought it would help
business, only it hasn't.
Do you like working here?
The hours are flexible enough
which helped when I was in college.
The pay is fair.
What are your plans now
that you've quit school?
I don't know, I just don't
know yet, I need time to think.
Frank you got any
change for the jukebox?
Not now Sharon.
All right Frank.
Does she always ask you for change?
Oh that's just her way
of getting tips.
Frank will get me another case
of beer from the back?
Yeah sure Ned.
So that was you who called
on the phone.
Well I see you found him all right.
Oh yeah, he was down
at the karate school
just like you said.
I don't know what's gotten into him.
He's been there everyday this week.
He's just trying to find himself.
It was a terrible thing
that happened to him
but he shouldn't be wasting his time
in a closed down karate school.
He'll be all right.
And don't you give up on him,
no matter how nasty he gets.
If you can't bring him around,
nobody can.
Maybe your dancer can.
Oh I wouldn't worry about her.
Hey give me a beer.
All right, all right.
Hey this jukebox doesn't work.
All right, all right,
just hit it easy.
Hey!
Come on now.
Knock it off, knock it off.
It still doesn't work.
All right, all right, I'll
give you your money back.
Let it alone.
I want the buck for the
beer back too, it stinks.
Why don't you shut the hell up?
Hey knock it off.
Frank.
What?
What now?
I don't know.
Where do we go from here?
Well I guess I go back to
the bar and you go back...
Back to the hospital.
I'm sorry I didn't mean it that way.
Maybe we should both
go back to the hospital
and start all over again.
I wish we could go back in time.
I'd like to go back a
lot farther than that.
To when those three guys came
crashing through that window.
If only I had gotten one of them.
Trade a life for a hand?
Yes, I'd feel a lot
better about this now.
Look, you should get
away from here for a while.
Get away from this apartment,
away from the karate studio,
away from the bar, from everything.
Just for a little while.
You said you had a few
days off from the hospital.
Three days.
Well maybe we could drive out
to the ocean for a couple days.
I've got enough money for
food, gas, a movie or two,
and a motel.
Is it a nice motel?
Our employer Mr. Gioretti
is arriving
at his airfield in one hour.
He is bringing the balance
of the money.
Shall we give him the usual receipt?
Of course, he's not
powerful enough to change
our method of doing business.
I'll take care of him myself.
You had better take help.
Mr. Gioretti may have
the same idea about us.
It shall be done.
It's them!
What?
' Who?
The guys who cut off my hand.
Get the license plate number.
605 CWJ, 605 CWJ.
Get out and call the
police department!
Homicide,
ask for Lieutenant Forrester.
Tell him what's happening.
What are you going to do?
Just get out before I lose them.
You can't go after them.
I'm just gonna follow them, get out.
But Frank.
Get out!
Forrester, homicide.
Oh yes what can I do for you?
We just found the three
men who killed the people
in the karate studio.
You found them?
No, just calm down.
Did you get the license number?
Where are you now?
Stay there I'll put a tracer
on the license number.
Frank's following them now,
I don't know what he's going to do.
Just stay there.
Put a tracer out on
this, meet me in a car,
and tell them to radio
the information.
Forrester, where the hell
are you going?
I want that report.
Look, the three suspects
in the karate school murders
have just been sighted.
I have a chance to pick
up all three of them,
including the one that
Doyle let escape
and tear up the department.
So to hell with the report,
to hell with the paperwork,
and screw you.
Forrester.
Mr. Gioretti has been taken care of.
I think it is time to
take care of those three.
Gladly.
You all right?
Frank?
It's okay.
Hello.
Flight 983 leaves at gate 4
in half an hour.
Enjoy your flight.